Add `osu! World Cup 2024: Finals Recap` news post (#12527)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-12-05-osu-world-cup-2024-finals-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu! World Cup 2024: Finals Recap"
date: 2024-12-05 23:00:00 +0000
---

The dust has finally settled, and only 3 teams are left standing. Join us to refresh your memory, and prepare yourselves for an unparalleled showcase of skill this weekend.

![](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2024/img/owc2024-banner.jpg)

> Finals week. The elite of the elite. Titans of tapping. Admirals of aim. Oligarchs of osu. Six teams entered, all with battles won in the rearview but with their sternest tests yet to come — three would come out the other side, heading for the grand finals, while three would taste bitter disappointment, eliminated so close to the finish line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finals week. The elite of the elite. Titans of tapping. Admirals of aim. Oligarchs of osu!. Six teams entered, all with battles won in the rearview and their sternest tests yet to come — three would come out the other side, heading for the Grand Finals, while three would taste bitter disappointment, eliminated so close to the finish line.
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-H-rOKG-2C4" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

**[Download the pool here! (215 MB)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P268)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2310246440&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-12-05-osu-world-cup-2024-finals-recap/owc-2024-f-mappool.jpg)

> The Finals stage pool was filled with bangers, some examples being the Hard Rock pick [roots](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139515#osu/4502914) by [seros](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10562853) acting as an aim pick with a sprinkle of alt, and [Aynane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1842684#osu/3784901) (by one of our newest Featured Artists, [Zmey Gorynich](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/450)) mapped by [Mazzerin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2942381), being the pool's main stream map. As is customary by now, the pool has its fair shared of old-school maps, one of them being [Blue Night](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31333#osu/116006), a classic 2011 map by [DoKiTo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/537084), which when infused with Double Time becomes a challenge to keep up with! Looking at some more modern maps, [Lagtrain](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1313664#osu/2722655) also takes up a Double Time slot, although despite the song's popularity it wasn't picked at all this week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Finals stage pool was filled with bangers, some examples being the Hard Rock pick [roots](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139515#osu/4502914) mapped by [seros](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10562853) acting as an aim pick with a sprinkle of alt, and [Aynane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1842684#osu/3784901) (by one of our newest Featured Artists, [Zmey Gorynich](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/450)) mapped by [Mazzerin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2942381), being the pool's main stream map. As is customary by now, the pool has its fair shared of old-school maps, one of them being [Blue Night](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31333#osu/116006), a classic 2011 map by [DoKiTo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/537084), which when infused with Double Time becomes a challenge to keep up with! Looking at some more modern maps, [Lagtrain](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1313664#osu/2722655) also takes up a Double Time slot, although despite the song's popularity it wasn't picked at all this week.
```

> ---
> 

Reviewer: i just noticed we've manage to alternate between having these and not having these. imo the banner acts fine as separator

```suggestion
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-12-05-osu-world-cup-2024-finals-recap/data_eraser_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284633#osu/4872735)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/449/Songs/Lusumi%20-%20data%27eraser.wav.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> The Finals stage pool had 3 osu! originals, a record number thus far in the tournament. The first original was [Lusumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/449)'s frenetic gabber-style offering [/data_eraser.wav](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284633#osu/4872735), which served as a challenging No Mod tech map brought to life by [hehe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2123087) and [funny](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8473573).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Finals stage pool had 3 [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals), a record number thus far in the tournament. The first original was [Lusumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/449)'s frenetic gabber-style offering [/data_eraser.wav](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284633#osu/4872735), which served as a challenging No Mod tech map brought to life by [hehe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2123087) and [funny](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8473573).
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-12-05-osu-world-cup-2024-finals-recap/7he_osu_world_cup_2_dariacore_7imeline_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284644#osu/4872751)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/366/Songs/passchooo_-_7he_osu_world_cup_2_dariacore_7imeline_ft._Azer_Jade__Rain.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[passchooo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/366)'s fun medley of osu! references in [7he osu! world cup 2 dariacore 7imeline](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284644#osu/4872751) served as our second original, being a truly chaotic hidden map featuring jagged flow aim and slider control, done by none other than [wafer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9416836).

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-12-05-osu-world-cup-2024-finals-recap/Kaiju_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284698#osu/4872864)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/448/Songs/nm-y%20vs.%20Kry.exe%20-%20Kaiju.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> For our Tiebreaker, nm-y and [Kry.exe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/448) collaborated to make an intense and exciting electronic banger in [Kaiju](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284698#osu/4872864), mapped by the trio of [Aerousea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15664628), [9ami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1499997) & [oTwinkle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15095654). The mechanics and tech hybrid didn't end up seeing play last weekend, but you should definitely check it out regardless!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our tiebreaker, nm-y and [Kry.exe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/448) collaborated to make an intense and exciting electronic banger in [Kaiju](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284698#osu/4872864), mapped by the trio of [Aerousea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15664628), [9ami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1499997) and [oTwinkle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15095654). The mechanics and tech hybrid didn't end up seeing play last weekend, but you should definitely check it out regardless!
```

## Finals summary

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Australia** ::{ flag=AU }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation |
| **Germany** ::{ flag=DE }:: | **7** | 3 | ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **7** | 5 | ::{ flag=US }:: United States |
| **Australia** ::{ flag=AU }:: | **7** | 3 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |

> In the lower bracket, four teams, each with their own story to tell, sought the rarefied air of a podium spot. Australia, looking to retain their place among the top 3 — Germany, seeking a return to the glory days of 2021 and 2022 — Russia, finally having broken their so-called "semifinals curse" and making it into the top 6 for the first time since 2019 — and the United Kingdom, vying to re-establish themselves among the upper echelon of the osu!standard scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the lower bracket, four teams, each with their own story to tell, sought the rarefied air of a podium spot. These were Australia, looking to retain their place among the top 3; Germany, seeking a return to the glory days of 2021 and 2022; Russia, finally having broken their so-called "Semifinals curse" and making it into the top 6 for the first time since 2019; and the United Kingdom, vying to re-establish themselves among the upper echelon of the circle-clicking scene.
```

> The week opened with Australia facing off against Russia. Both teams came out firing with their first picks, but it would be Australia to muster up the first break point of the match on Russia's second pick, [Blue Night](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31333#osu/116006), and afterwards they never looked back. Australia dropped only one more point the rest of the way, a narrow Russian victory on [Dear The Night I Loved](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284389#osu/4872029), en route to a 7–2 victory. Australia moved on to the 4th place match, while Russia was sent home.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The week opened with Australia facing off against Russia. Both teams came out guns blazing with their first picks, but it would be Australia to muster up the first break point of the match on Russia's second pick, [Blue Night](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31333#osu/116006), and they would never looked back afterwards. Australia dropped only one more point the rest of the way, a narrow Russian lead on [Dear The Night I Loved](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284389#osu/4872029), en route to a 7–2 victory. Australia moved on to the 4th-place match, while Russia was sent home.
```

Author: `and they would never look back afterwards` should be correct

Reviewer: good catch

Match number two of the week pitted old foes Germany and the United Kingdom against each other once more. With ::{ flag=DE }:: [criller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8116659), ::{ flag=DE }:: [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101), and the rest of the team performing like a well-oiled machine, Germany raced to a 6–0 lead in this match. The United Kingdom, despite riding momentum from their incredible tiebreaker victory over Canada in the previous round, appeared to have met their match, coming up short on map after map. However, a 3-way S rank on [Dear The Night I Loved](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284389#osu/4872029) won them that map by a mere 54,882 points, and they followed it up with another miniscule victory by 88,393 on [Horobi o Inorishi Mono](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284565#osu/4872576), then took [SILVERY](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1581365#osu/3229080), the anti-mod pick, by over 200k.

> Some thought a historic reverse sweep was in the making, but Germany shattered those dreams, opting into [Eiyuu no Tsurugi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1864097#osu/3833517) and ending the match with a tight margin of 88,814 points, despite ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050)'s best efforts with a lobby-best 716k score. It was on to Australia and a shot at the podium for Germany, while the United Kingdom were eliminated with a top 6 placement for the first time since 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some thought a historic reverse sweep was in the making, but Germany shattered those dreams, opting into [Eiyuu no Tsurugi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1864097#osu/3833517) and ending the match with a tight margin of 88,814 points, despite ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050)'s best efforts with a lobby-best 716k score. It was on to Australia and a shot at the podium for Germany, while the United Kingdom was eliminated with a top 6 placement for the first time since 2021.
```

> The final match of the weekend, with a podium position on the line, was a clash between previous day winners Australia and Germany. Each team had looked dominant in their wins, but the question to be asked was what Germany could do to slow down the MVP-calibre performance of ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902). As Australia sprinted to a 4–0 lead in the match, led by top scores from ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) on 3 of the 4 maps, the answer seemed to be "nothing", as Germany dropped the first three picks by an average margin of 854k.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final match of the weekend, with a podium position on the line, was a clash between previous-day winners Australia and Germany. Each team had looked dominant in their wins, but the question to be asked was what Germany could do to slow down the MVP-calibre performance of ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902). As Australia sprinted to a 4–0 lead in the match, led by top scores from ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) on 3 of the 4 maps, the answer seemed to be "nothing", as Germany dropped the first three picks by an average margin of 854k.
```

Germany finally took their first point on [Hold Your Colour](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/702272#osu/1485947), and while they lost two more maps to bring the score to 6–1, ::{ flag=DE }:: [Tim Kackner](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14385814) put up a Hard Rock FC on [Eiyuu no Tsurugi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1864097#osu/3833517) to win it, followed by a ::{ flag=DE }:: [criller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8116659) and ::{ flag=DE }:: [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) masterclass on [Mondaymania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284699#osu/4872865) to put up their third point of the match.

> Australia, though, would not be denied. It was a double FC from ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [Zyntex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11806306) on [roots](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139515#osu/4502914) to seal the deal, a 7–3 win for the Aussies, sending them onward to the Grand Finals week, a top 3 finish secured for a second year in a row and a date set with familiar nemeses the United States.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Australia, though, would not be denied. It was a double FC from ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [Zyntex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11806306) on [roots](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139515#osu/4502914) to seal the deal, a 7–3 win for the Aussies, sending them onwards to the Grand Finals week, a top 3 finish secured for a second year in a row and a date set with familiar nemeses in the United States.
```

Author: should be `nemeses, the United States`?

Reviewer: "nemeses (residing) in the United States"

would be like this with your idea

```suggestion
Australia, though, would not be denied. It was a double FC from ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [Zyntex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11806306) on [roots](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139515#osu/4502914) to seal the deal, a 7–3 win for the Aussies, sending them onwards to the Grand Finals week, a top 3 finish secured for a second year in a row and a date set with a familiar nemesis, the United States.
```

Author: https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/dictionary/english/nemeses checked this and thought it was just plural because they were talking about the members of united states team

Reviewer: *if* it refers to the members, that is

"nemeses, the United States" would refer to the plural states. the United States can be a nemesis though

> It was the emergence of the ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) show in the late stages, where skill cap trumps all, as he top scored 5 of 9 maps — he would finish the week with an eye-popping 1.782 performance score, the highest of the entire field. Germany, for their part, had done their job and done it well — they had finished top 4 for the 7th time straight and top 6 for a remarkable 11th year in a row, a legacy of performance few other teams could ever hope to match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was an emergence of the ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) show in the late stages, where skill cap trumps all, as he top-scored 5 of 9 maps — he would finish the week with an eye-popping 1.782 performance score, the highest of the entire field. The Germans, for their part, had done their job and done it well — they had finished top 4 for the 7th time straight and top 6 for a remarkable 11th year in a row, a legacy of performance few other teams could ever hope to match.
```

### ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea vs. ::{ flag=US }:: United States

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116363241)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2315417594)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-H-rOKG-2C4?start=645&end=948" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> Throughout this world cup, and throughout the finals weekend, there has been one matchup on people's minds — the anticipated Grand Finals matchup, and the matchup from Grand Finals in 2023, South Korea vs. the United States. With how close last year's Grand Finals was and how much both teams improved in the year since, expectations for a close, high-level match were sky-high, and this winners' Finals delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this world cup, and throughout the Finals weekend, there has been one matchup on people's minds — the anticipated Grand Finals matchup, and the matchup from Grand Finals in 2023, South Korea vs. the United States. With how close last year's Grand Finals was and how much both teams improved in the year since, expectations for a close, high-level match were sky-high, and this winners' Finals delivered.
```

> The match started off relatively predictably — South Korea banned out [Bound to Madness](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284575#osu/4872589) and [Blue Night](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31333#osu/116006), the two most speed-focused maps in the pool, and the United States banned out [Dynasty of Extinction](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284670#osu/4872796) and [Lunatic Eyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2267484#osu/4872667), both in the hidden pool. However, expectations would soon be flipped as the United States took South Korea's first pick, [Ratpark](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284654#osu/4872765), by only 87,222 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match started off relatively predictably — South Korea banned out [Bound to Madness](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284575#osu/4872589) and [Blue Night](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31333#osu/116006), the two most speed-focused maps in the pool, and the United States banned out [Dynasty of Extinction](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284670#osu/4872796) and [Lunatic Eyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2267484#osu/4872667), both in the Hidden pool. However, expectations would soon be flipped as the United States took South Korea's first pick, [Ratpark](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284654#osu/4872765), by only 87,222 points.
```

This gave the United States a solid lead through the next six picks, until finally, on the United States' fourth pick and the eighth map overall, [Dear the Night I Loved](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284389#osu/4872029), South Korea finally took back the early break point, tying up the match 4–4. The teams continued trading picks back and forth until finally, with South Korea having first pick, the score was 6–5 for South Korea.

> Throughout the match, there were displays of massive skill on a wide variety of maps and margins of difference ranging from 87k to 1.6 million points. These teams proved to be very evenly matched throughout this bout, and with the United States having last pick, the match seemed almost destined to go to tiebreaker — until suddenly it didn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout the match, there were displays of massive skill on a wide variety of maps and margins of difference ranging from 87k to 1.6 million points. These teams proved to be very evenly matched in this bout, and with the United States' last pick, the match seemed almost destined to go to tiebreaker — until suddenly it didn't.
```

> The United States last picked, [Horobi o Inorishi Mono](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284565#osu/4872576), the Hard Rock precision, low bpm stream pick. While [Rektygon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7813296) would go on to top score the map with a pop-off 627,186 points, the second-highest score of the weekend, it would ultimately not be enough. South Korea took this last pick by a mere 84,436 points, closing out the match 7–5 and securing their spot in the top two and on the winners' side of the grand finals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The United States picked [Horobi o Inorishi Mono](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284565#osu/4872576), the Hard Rock precision low-BPM stream pick. While [Rektygon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7813296) would go on to top-score the map with a pop-off 627,186 points, the second-highest score of the weekend, it would ultimately not be enough. South Korea took this last pick by a mere 84,436 points, closing out the match 7–5 and securing their spot in the top two and on the winners' side of the Grand Finals.
```

---

> With almost every match finished and only three teams remaining, the osu! World Cup 2024 is finally at its zenith. These last two matches are must-watch for anyone at all interested in osu! and its best players. With the top three teams matching the podium from last year, and with South Korea beating the United States in a finals or grand finals setting for the first time ever, this year is shaping up to be one of the best grand finals in OWC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With almost every match finished and only three teams remaining, the osu! World Cup 2024 is finally at its zenith. These last two matches are must-watch for anyone at all interested in osu! and its best players. With the top three teams matching the podium from last year, and with South Korea beating the United States in a Finals or Grand Finals setting for the first time ever, this year is shaping up to be one of the best Grand Finals in OWC.
```

We hope you will join us on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) this weekend and witness the best this game has offer. Check out [the wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2024) for the schedules, set a reminder, and get ready for what will possibly be one of the greatest set of world cup matches this community has ever seen.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the mean time, we invite you to witness the greatest tiebreaker reveal this community has ever seen:

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/r459I7A-Rds" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

```

Some thought a historic reverse sweep was in the making, but Germany shattered those dreams, opting into [Eiyuu no Tsurugi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1864097#osu/3833517) and ending the match with a tight margin of 88,814 points, despite ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050)'s best efforts with a lobby-best 716k score. It was on to Australia and a shot at the podium for Germany, while the United Kingdom were eliminated with a top 6 placement for the first time since 2021.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia vs. ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116366892)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2315679372)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-H-rOKG-2C4?start=436&end=645" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

```

Germany finally took their first point on [Hold Your Colour](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/702272#osu/1485947), and while they lost two more maps to bring the score to 6–1, ::{ flag=DE }:: [Tim Kackner](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14385814) put up a Hard Rock FC on [Eiyuu no Tsurugi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1864097#osu/3833517) to win it, followed by a ::{ flag=DE }:: [criller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8116659) and ::{ flag=DE }:: [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101) masterclass on [Mondaymania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2284699#osu/4872865) to put up their third point of the match.

Australia, though, would not be denied. It was a double FC from ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [Zyntex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11806306) on [roots](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139515#osu/4502914) to seal the deal, a 7–3 win for the Aussies, sending them onward to the Grand Finals week, a top 3 finish secured for a second year in a row and a date set with familiar nemeses the United States.

> It was an emergence of the ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) show in the late stages, where skill cap trumps all, as he top-scored 5 of 9 maps — he would finish the week with an eye-popping 1.782 performance score, the highest of the entire field. The Germans, for their part, had done their job and done it well — they had finished top 4 for the 7th time straight and top 6 for a remarkable 11th year in a row, a legacy of performance few other teams could ever hope to match.

Reviewer: shdewz's statistics spreadsheet

```suggestion
It was an emergence of the ::{ flag=AU }:: [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) show in the late stages, where skill cap trumps all, as he top-scored 5 of 9 maps — he would finish the week with an eye-popping [1.782 performance score](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YsvoTdfHTyzxl5sI5qFnPvjWAmpkbtmyz2sdcwgD2dQ/edit?gid=2091468670#gid=2091468670), the highest of the entire field. The Germans, for their part, had done their job and done it well — they had finished top 4 for the 7th time straight and top 6 for a remarkable 11th year in a row, a legacy of performance few other teams could ever hope to match.
```
